This code book describes the variables, the data, and any transformations or work performed to clean up the data.
- Data for the project has been extracted from the link 
'https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip'. Unzip the data in the working directory. Re-name the folder to 'dataset'.
- To run this script, packages 'sqldf' and 'data.table' should be installed.
- Steps describing the working of Run_analysis.R script
  1)  Read from './dataset/train/' folder: X_train.txt, Y_train.txt & subject_train.txt into variables trainX, trainY       and trainSub respectively.
  2)  Read from './dataset/test/' folder: X_test.txt, Y_test.txt & subject_test.txt into variables testX, testY and         testSub respectively.
  3) Combined trainX to testX [ccX], trainY to testY [ccY] and trainSub to testSub [ccSub] using rbind. Dimension of       'ccX' would be 10299*561.
  4) Read features.txt from './dataset/' folder into variable 'features'. Extracted the indices list for the               measurements on the mean and standard deviation in variable 'features'. It returns a list of 66 indices. Using        this indices list, subset the 'ccX' data with corresponding columns. Assigned this subset to variable 'Xsubset'.
  5) 'Xsubset' column names are formatted. Replaced 'mean' with 'Mean', 'std' with 'Std' and remove symbols '()' & '-'. 6) Read from './dataset/' folder, activity_labels.txt into variable 'activity'. Formatted the activity names in the      variable 'activity' by removing the underscores in the activity names and making the first letter as capital and      the remaining as lower case. For activity names 'WALKING_UPSTAIRS' and 'WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS', they were formatted      as 'WalkingUpstairs' and 'WalkingDownstairs'.
  7) Converted the activity numbers in 'ccY' into corresponding activity names from 'activity' variable.
  8) Re-named columns in 'ccY' and 'ccSub' to 'Activity' and 'Person' respectively.
  9) Combined 'ccSub', 'ccY' and 'Xsubset' using cbind into a single data frame of dimension 10299 * 68. Assign this       data frame to variable 'TidyData'. Write this 'TidyData' into 'Tidy_data.txt' in './dataset/Output/' folder.          'Output' folder is created if not already present.
  10) 'Tidy_data.txt' : First column 'Person' contains numeric value (1 to 30), second column has activity names             (Walking,Sitting, Laying, WalkingUpstairs,WalkingDownstairs,Standing). The remaining 66 columns have the              mesurements generated for each of the activity against each person. These measurements were generated using a         smartphone (Samsung Galaxy S II) which the 'Person' were wearing around the their waist. Using its embedded           accelerometer and gyroscope, 3-axial linear acceleration and 3-axial angular velocity at a constant rate of           50Hz these mesurements were recorded and these mesurements represent the column number 3 to 66 in 'Tidy_data         .txt'.
  11) For generating the average of each measurement for each activity and each subject,SQL query has been embeded in       R code which requires 'sqldf' packages. The SQL query inside the for loop does the average of each measurement        for each activity and each subject on per column basis i.e. the first two columns of 'Person' and 'Activity'          remain the constant but the third column keeps moving from 3 to 68 after each pass in the for loop. The final         data frame is obtained as a result of merge on each of the for loop results. Assign this data frame to variable      'TidyDataGrouped'.
  12) This 'TidyDataGrouped' has a dimension of 180*68. Write this data table into 'TidyData_Grouped_Means.txt' in
      './dataset/Output/' folder.
